Add to delivery overview alerts section (#6087)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/delivery-overview.md

With Delivery Overview, you can verify that your source receives your events, that any filters and tracking plans work as expected, and that events successfully make it to your destination. Any errors or unexpected behavior can be identified using the pipeline view, leading to quicker resolution. 

## How can I configure alerts?
During the Delivery Overview beta, you can use the Event Delivery alerting features (Delivery Alerts) by selecting the **Alerts** tab in the destination header. 

> Once enabled, if the successful delivery rate of all events is less than x% in the last 24 hours you will be notified via in-app notification and/or workspace email. Please note, this is dependent on your [notication settings](https://segment.com/docs/segment-app/#segment-settings). So if the thresshold is set to 99% then you will be notified anytime less than 100% of events fail. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you enable alerts, if the successful delivery rate of all events is less than the threshold percentage in the last 24 hours, you'll be notified through in-app notification and/or workspace email. 

Please note that this is dependent on your [notication settings](/docs/segment-app/#segment-settings). For example, if the threshold is set to 99%, then you'll be notified each time less than 100% of events fail. 
```

Reviewer: @bcaudillo how do you set the threshold?
